rework live patching (#901)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/live-patching-channel-setup.adoc

[[live-patching-channel-setup]]
= Setup Channels for Live Patching

Every update of the full kernel package would require a reboot.
Therefor it is important to not have newer kernels available in the channels assigned to clients which should use Live Patching.

> For these clients only the Live Patching channel contains updates of the running kernel.

Author: This does not sound right either. I will chang it to:

```
Clients using live patching have updates for the running kernel in the live patching channels.
```

Please verify.

There are two ways to manage channels for Live Patching:

1. Use Content Lifecycle Management to clone the product tree and remove kernel versions newer than the running one. This procedure is explained in the xref:content-lifecycle-examples.adoc#enhance-project-with-livepatching[Content Livecycle Management Examples].
This is the prefered solution.

2. Use `spacewalk-manage-channel-lifecycle` tool. This procedure is more manual and requires commandline tools as well as the Web UI. This procedure is explained below for SLES 15 SP1, but it works similar for SLE12 SP4 or later as well.

== Use spacewalk-manage-channel-lifecycle for Live Patching

Cloned vendor channels should be prefixed by ``dev`` for development, ``testing``, or  ``prod`` for production.

> In this procedure, you will create a ``dev`` cloned channel, and later, you will need to promote the channel to ``testing``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this procedure, you will create a ``dev`` cloned channel and then promote the channel to ``testing``.
```

.Procedure: Cloning Live Patching Channels

> . At the command prompt on the client, as `root`, obtain the current package channel tree:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. At the command prompt on the client, as root, obtain the current package channel tree:
```
